---
title: "0.10.x"
date: 2021-06-28
---

## v0.10.33
**June 28, 2021**

{{% alert color="info" %}}View the [v0.10.33 changelog](https://github.com/wandb/wandb/releases/tag/v0.10.33) on GitHub.{{% /alert %}}

### Bug Fix

- Fix issue where wandb restore 404ed if the run did not have a diff.patch file.
- Fix issue where wandb.log raised an Exception after trying to log a pandas dataframe.
- Fix issue where runs could be marked finished before files were finished uploading.

### Enhancement

- Disable reloading of run metadata (such as command) in resumed runs.
- Allow logging of pandas dataframes by automatically converting them to W&B tables.
- Fix up `log_code()` exclude fn to handle .wandb dir.
- Improve handling of PyTorch model topology.
- Increase config debounce interval to 30s to reduce load on WB/backend.
- Improve reliability of CLI in generating sweeps with names, programs, and settings.

## v0.10.32
**June 10, 2021**

{{% alert color="info" %}}View the [v0.10.32 changelog](https://github.com/wandb/wandb/releases/tag/v0.10.32) on GitHub.{{% /alert %}}

### Bug Fix

- Make `log_artifact()` more resilient to network errors.
- Removed Duplicate Artifact Dependencies.
- Workaround urlib3 issue on windows.
- Fix regression where ipython was hanging.
- Allow logging of numpy high precision floating point values.
- Reduce liklyhood of collisions for file backed media or artifact objects.
- Fix wandb.watch() regression when logging pytorch graphs.

### Enhancement

- Add support for logging joined and partitioned table.
- Handle schema validation warnings for sweep configs.
- Improve wandb sync to handle errors.
- Add ability to label scripts and repositories who use wandb.

## v0.10.31
**May 27, 2021**

{{% alert color="info" %}}View the [v0.10.31 changelog](https://github.com/wandb/wandb/releases/tag/v0.10.31) on GitHub.{{% /alert %}}

### Bug Fix

- Wandb.login() did not properly persist the host parameter.
- Fix issue where step information was not synced properly when syncing tensorboard directories.
- Fix some unicode issues with python2.7.
- Fixed bug in `plot_calibration_curve` for ComplementNB.
- Fall back to not using SendFile on some linux systems.
- Fix console issues where lines were truncated.
- Fix console issues where console logging could block.

### Enhancement

- Add support for preemptible sweeps.
- Add command line for sweep control.
- Add support to load artifact collection properties.

## v0.10.30
**May 07, 2021**

{{% alert color="info" %}}View the [v0.10.30 changelog](https://github.com/wandb/wandb/releases/tag/v0.10.30) on GitHub.{{% /alert %}}

### Bug Fix

- Found and fixed the remaining issues causing runs to be marked crashed during outages.
- Improved performance for users of `define_metric`, pytorch-lightning, and aggressive config saving.
- Fix issue when trying to log a cuda tensor to config or summary.
- Remove dependency on torch `backward_hooks` to compute graph.
- Fix an issue preventing the ability to resume runs on sagemaker.
- Fix issues preventing pdb from working reliably with wandb.
- Fix deprecation warning in vendored library (user submission).
- Fix logging behavior where the library was accidently outputting logs to the console.
- Fix disabled mode to not create wandb dir and log files.
- Renamed types to prep for Tables launch.

### Enhancement

- Allow renaming groups with public api.

## v0.10.29
**May 03, 2021**

{{% alert color="info" %}}View the [v0.10.29 changelog](https://github.com/wandb/wandb/releases/tag/v0.10.29) on GitHub.{{% /alert %}}

### Bug Fix

- Fix more network handling issues causing runs to be marked crashed (wandb sync to recover).
- Improve logging and exception handling to improve reporting and logging of crashed processes.

## v0.10.28
**April 28, 2021**

{{% alert color="info" %}}View the [v0.10.28 changelog](https://github.com/wandb/wandb/releases/tag/v0.10.28) on GitHub.{{% /alert %}}

### Bug Fix

- Fix network handling issue causing runs to be marked crashed (wandb sync to recover).
- Use `register_full_backward_hook` to support models with Dict outputs.
- Allow periods in table columns.
- Fix artifact cache collisions when using forked processes.
- Fix issue where custom charts do not display properly with pytorch-lightning.

### Enhancement

- Add experimental incremental artifact support.
- Improve warnings when logging is being rate limited.

## v0.10.27
**April 19, 2021**

{{% alert color="info" %}}View the [v0.10.27 changelog](https://github.com/wandb/wandb/releases/tag/v0.10.27) on GitHub.{{% /alert %}}

### Bug Fix

- Fix tensorboard_sync condition where metrics at end of short run are dropped.
- Fix `wandb sync` when tensorboard files are detected.
- Fix api key prompt in databricks notebook.

### Enhancement

- Integrate DSViz into Keras WandbCallback.
- Add support for conda dependencies (user submit).

## v0.10.26
**April 13, 2021**

{{% alert color="info" %}}View the [v0.10.26 changelog](https://github.com/wandb/wandb/releases/tag/v0.10.26) on GitHub.{{% /alert %}}

### Bug Fix

- Fix network handling issue where syncing stopped (use wandb sync to recover).
- Fix auth problem when using sagemaker and hugginface integrations together.
- Fix handling of NaN values in tables with non floats.
- Lazy load API object to prevent unnecessary file access on module load.

### Enhancement

- Improve error messages when using public api history accessors.

## v0.10.25
**April 05, 2021**

{{% alert color="info" %}}View the [v0.10.25 changelog](https://github.com/wandb/wandb/releases/tag/v0.10.25) on GitHub.{{% /alert %}}

### Bug Fix

- Fix possible artifact cache race when using parallel artifact reads.
- Fix artifact reference when `checksum=False`.

### Enhancement

- Release `run.define_metric()` to simplify custom x-axis and more.
- Add column operators `add_column`, `get_column`, `get_index` to `wandb.Table()`.

## v0.10.24
**March 30, 2021**

{{% alert color="info" %}}View the [v0.10.24 changelog](https://github.com/wandb/wandb/releases/tag/v0.10.24) on GitHub.{{% /alert %}}

### Bug Fix

- Significant fixes to stdout/stderr console logging.
- Prevent excessive network when saving files with policy=`live`.
- Fix errors when trying to send large updates (most common with `wandb sync`).

### Enhancement

- Automatically generate `run_table` artifact for logged tables.
- Add bracket notation to artifacts.
- Improve URL validation when specifying server url to `wandb login`.

## v0.10.23
**March 22, 2021**

{{% alert color="info" %}}View the [v0.10.23 changelog](https://github.com/wandb/wandb/releases/tag/v0.10.23) on GitHub.{{% /alert %}}

### Bug Fix

- Fix logged artifacts to be accessible after wait().
- Fix spell.run integration.
- Performance fix syncing console logs with carriage returns.
- Fix confusion matrix with class names and unlabeled data.

### Enhancement

- Add the ability to save artifacts without creating a run.
- Add Foreign Table References to wandb.Table.
- Allow the same runtime object to be logged to multiple artifacts.
- Add experimental `run._define_metric()` support.
- Warn and ignore unsupported multiprocess `wandb.log()` calls.

## v0.10.22
**March 09, 2021**

{{% alert color="info" %}}View the [v0.10.22 changelog](https://github.com/wandb/wandb/releases/tag/v0.10.22) on GitHub.{{% /alert %}}

### Bug Fix

- Fix system metric logging rate in 0.10.x.
- Fix Audio external reference issue.
- Fix short runs with tensorboard_sync.
- Ignore `wandb.init(id=)` when running a sweep.
- Sanitize artifact metadata if needed.

### Enhancement

- Allow syncing of tfevents with `wandb sync --sync-tensorboard`.

## v0.10.21
**March 02, 2021**

{{% alert color="info" %}}View the [v0.10.21 changelog](https://github.com/wandb/wandb/releases/tag/v0.10.21) on GitHub.{{% /alert %}}

### Bug Fix

- Fix artifact.get() regression since 0.10.18.
- Allow 0 byte artifacts.
- Fix codesaving and program name reporting.

### Enhancement

- Added support for glb files for `wandb.Object3D()`.
- Added support for external references for `wandb.Audio()`.
- Custom chart support tensorboard `pr_curves` plugin.
- Support saving entire code directory in an artifact.

## v0.10.20
**February 22, 2021**

{{% alert color="info" %}}View the [v0.10.20 changelog](https://github.com/wandb/wandb/releases/tag/v0.10.20) on GitHub.{{% /alert %}}

### Bug Fix

- Wandb.login() now respects disabled mode.
- Handle exception when trying to log TPUs in colab.

### Enhancement

- Add `WANDB_START_METHOD=thread` to support non-multiprocessing.
- Add `group` and `job_type` to Run object in the export API.
- Improve artifact docstrings.

## v0.10.19
**February 14, 2021**

{{% alert color="info" %}}View the [v0.10.19 changelog](https://github.com/wandb/wandb/releases/tag/v0.10.19) on GitHub.{{% /alert %}}

### Bug Fix

- Fix artifact manifest files incorrectly named with patch suffix.

## v0.10.18
**February 08, 2021**

{{% alert color="info" %}}View the [v0.10.18 changelog](https://github.com/wandb/wandb/releases/tag/v0.10.18) on GitHub.{{% /alert %}}

### Enhancement

- Add run delete and file delete to the public API.
- Align steps between `tensorboard_sync` and wandb.log() history.
- Add `WANDB_START_METHOD` to allow POSIX systems to use fork.
- Support mixed types in wandb.Table() with `allow_mixed_types`.

### Bug Fix

- Fix potential leaked file due to log not being closed properly.
- Improve `wandb verify` to better handle network issues and report errors.
- Made file downloads more deterministic with respect to filesystem caches.

## v0.10.17
**February 01, 2021**

{{% alert color="info" %}}View the [v0.10.17 changelog](https://github.com/wandb/wandb/releases/tag/v0.10.17) on GitHub.{{% /alert %}}

### Bug Fix

- Fix regression seen with python 3.5.
- Silence vendored watchdog warnings on mac.

## v0.10.16
**February 01, 2021**

{{% alert color="info" %}}View the [v0.10.16 changelog](https://github.com/wandb/wandb/releases/tag/v0.10.16) on GitHub.{{% /alert %}}

### Enhancement

- Artifacts now support parallel writers for large distributed workflows.
- Artifacts support distributed tables for dataset visualization.
- Improvements to PR templates.
- Added more type annotations.
- Vendored watchdog 0.9.0 removing it as a dependency.
- New documentation generator.
- Public api now has `file.direct_url` to avoid redirects for signed urls.

### Bug Fix

- Allow `config-defaults.yaml` to be overwritten when running sweeps.
- General bug fixes and improvements to `wandb verify`.
- Disabled widgets in Spyder IDE.
- Fixed WANDB_SILENT in Spyder IDE.
- Reference file:// artifacts respect the `name` attribute.

## v0.10.15
**January 24, 2021**

{{% alert color="info" %}}View the [v0.10.15 changelog](https://github.com/wandb/wandb/releases/tag/v0.10.15) on GitHub.{{% /alert %}}

### Enhancement

- Add `wandb verify` to troubleshoot local installs.

### Bug Fix

- Fix tensorboard_sync issue writing to s3.
- Prevent git secrets from being stored.
- Disable verbose console messages when using moviepy.
- Fix artifacts with checkpoints to be more robust when overwriting files.
- Fix artifacts recycled id issue.

## v0.10.14
**January 15, 2021**

{{% alert color="info" %}}View the [v0.10.14 changelog](https://github.com/wandb/wandb/releases/tag/v0.10.14) on GitHub.{{% /alert %}}

### Enhancement

- Add wandb.Audio support to Artifacts.

### Bug Fix

- Fix wandb config regressions introduced in 0.10.13.
- Rollback changes supporting media with slashes in keys.

## v0.10.13
**January 11, 2021**

{{% alert color="info" %}}View the [v0.10.13 changelog](https://github.com/wandb/wandb/releases/tag/v0.10.13) on GitHub.{{% /alert %}}

### Enhancement

- Add support for Mac M1 GPU monitoring.
- Add support for TPU monitoring.
- Add setting to disable sagemaker integration.

### Bug Fix

- Fix tensorboard_sync with tensorboardX and tf1.
- Fix issues logging images with slashes.
- Fix custom charts issues.
- Improve error messages using `wandb pull`.
- Improve error messages with `wandb.Table()`.
- Make sure silent mode is silent.
- Fix `wandb online` to renable logging.
- Multiple artifact fixes.

## v0.10.12
**December 03, 2020**

{{% alert color="info" %}}View the [v0.10.12 changelog](https://github.com/wandb/wandb/releases/tag/v0.10.12) on GitHub.{{% /alert %}}

### Enhancement

- Add Artifact.used_by and Artifact.logged_by.
- Validate type consistency when logging Artifacts.
- Enhance JoinedTable to not require downloaded assets.
- Add ability to recursively download dependent artifacts.
- Enable gradient logging with keras and tf2+.
- Validate pytorch models are passed to wandb.watch().
- Improved docstrings for public methods / objects.
- Warn when image sequences are logged with different sizes.

### Bug Fix

- Fix incorrectly generated filenames in summary.
- Fix anonymous mode to include the api key in URLs.
- Fix pickle issue with disabled mode.
- Fix artifact from_id query.
- Fix handling of Tables with different image paths.

## v0.10.11
**November 18, 2020**

{{% alert color="info" %}}View the [v0.10.11 changelog](https://github.com/wandb/wandb/releases/tag/v0.10.11) on GitHub.{{% /alert %}}

### Enhancement

- Disable wandb logging with `wandb disabled` or `wandb.init(mode="disabled")`.
- Support cloning an artifact when logging wandb.Image().

### Bug Fix

- Multiple media artifact improvements and internal refactor.
- Improve handling of artifact errors.
- Fix issue where notebook name was ignored.
- Extend silent mode for jupyter logging.
- Fix issue where vendored libraries interfered with python path.
- Fix various exceptions (divide by zero, int conversion, TypeError).

## v0.10.10
**November 09, 2020**

{{% alert color="info" %}}View the [v0.10.10 changelog](https://github.com/wandb/wandb/releases/tag/v0.10.10) on GitHub.{{% /alert %}}

### Enhancement

- Added confusion matrix plot.
- Better jupyter messages with wandb.init()/reinit/finish.

### Bug Fix

- Fix for fastai 2.1.5 (removed log_args).
- Fixed media logging when directories are changed.

## v0.10.9
**November 04, 2020**

{{% alert color="info" %}}View the [v0.10.9 changelog](https://github.com/wandb/wandb/releases/tag/v0.10.9) on GitHub.{{% /alert %}}

### Enhancement

- Added artifact media logging (alpha).
- Add scriptable alerts.
- Add url attribute for sweep public api.
- Update docstrings for wandb sdk functions.

### Bug Fix

- Fix cases where offline mode was making network connections.
- Fix issues with python sweeps and run stopping.
- Fix logging issue where we could accidently display an api key.
- Fix wandb login issues with malformed hosts.
- Allow wandb.restore() to be called without wandb.init().
- Fix resuming (reusing run_id) with empty summary.
- Fix artitifact download issue.
- Add missing wandb.unwatch() function.
- Avoid creating spurious wandb directories.
- Fix collections import issue when using an old version of six.

## v0.10.8
**October 22, 2020**

{{% alert color="info" %}}View the [v0.10.8 changelog](https://github.com/wandb/wandb/releases/tag/v0.10.8) on GitHub.{{% /alert %}}

### Enhancement

- Allow callables to be serialized.

### Bug Fix

- Fix compatibility issue with python 3.9.
- Fix `wandb sync` failure introduced in 0.10.6.
- Improve python agent handling of failing runs.
- Fix rare condition where resuming runs does not work.
- Improve symlink handling when called in thread context.
- Fix issues when changing directories before calling wandb.init().

## v0.10.7
**October 15, 2020**

{{% alert color="info" %}}View the [v0.10.7 changelog](https://github.com/wandb/wandb/releases/tag/v0.10.7) on GitHub.{{% /alert %}}

### Bug Fix

- Fix issue when checking for updated releases on pypi.

## v0.10.6
**October 15, 2020**

{{% alert color="info" %}}View the [v0.10.6 changelog](https://github.com/wandb/wandb/releases/tag/v0.10.6) on GitHub.{{% /alert %}}

### Bug Fix

- Make sure code saving is enabled in jupyter environments after login.
- Sweep agents have extended timeout for large sweep configs.
- Support WANDB_SILENT environment variable.
- Warn about missing python package when logging images.
- Fix wandb.restore() to apply diff patch.
- Improve artifact error messages.
- Fix loading of config-defaults.yaml and specified list of yaml config files.

## v0.10.5
**October 07, 2020**

{{% alert color="info" %}}View the [v0.10.5 changelog](https://github.com/wandb/wandb/releases/tag/v0.10.5) on GitHub.{{% /alert %}}

### Enhancement

- Add new custom plots: `wandb.plot.*`.
- Add new python based sweep agent: `wandb.agent()`.

### Bug Fix

- Console log fixes (tqdm on windows, fix close exceptions).
- Add more attributes to the Run object (group, job_type, urls).
- Fix sagemaker login issues.
- Fix issue where plots were not uploaded until the end of run.

## v0.10.4
**September 29, 2020**

{{% alert color="info" %}}View the [v0.10.4 changelog](https://github.com/wandb/wandb/releases/tag/v0.10.4) on GitHub.{{% /alert %}}

### Bug Fix

- Fix an issue where wandb.init(allow_val_change=) throws exception.

## v0.10.3
**September 29, 2020**

{{% alert color="info" %}}View the [v0.10.3 changelog](https://github.com/wandb/wandb/releases/tag/v0.10.3) on GitHub.{{% /alert %}}

### Enhancement

- Added warning when trying to sync pre 0.10.0 run dirs.
- Improved jupyter support for wandb run syncing information.

### Bug Fix

- Fix artifact download issues.
- Fix multiple issues with tensorboard_sync.
- Fix multiple issues with juypter/python sweeps.
- Fix issue where login was timing out.
- Fix issue where config was overwritten when resuming runs.
- Ported sacred observer to 0.10.x release.
- Fix predicted bounding boxes overwritten by ground truth boxes.
- Add missing save_code parameter to wandb.init().

## v0.10.2
**September 20, 2020**

{{% alert color="info" %}}View the [v0.10.2 changelog](https://github.com/wandb/wandb/releases/tag/v0.10.2) on GitHub.{{% /alert %}}

### Enhancement

- Added upload_file to API.
- Wandb.finish() can be called without matching wandb.init().

### Bug Fix

- Fix issue where files were being logged to wrong parallel runs.
- Fix missing properties/methods -- as_dict(), sweep_id.
- Fix wandb.summary.update() not updating all keys.
- Code saving was not properly enabled based on UI settings.
- Tensorboard now logging images before end of program.
- Fix resume issues dealing with config and summary metrics.

## v0.10.1
**September 16, 2020**

{{% alert color="info" %}}View the [v0.10.1 changelog](https://github.com/wandb/wandb/releases/tag/v0.10.1) on GitHub.{{% /alert %}}

### Enhancement

- Added sync_tensorboard ability to handle S3 and GCS files.
- Added ability to specify host with login.
- Improved artifact API to allow modifying attributes.

### Bug Fix

- Fix codesaving to respect the server settings.
- Fix issue running wandb.init() on restricted networks.
- Fix issue where we were ignoring settings changes.
- Fix artifact download issues.

## v0.10.0
**September 11, 2020**

{{% alert color="info" %}}View the [v0.10.0 changelog](https://github.com/wandb/wandb/releases/tag/v0.10.0) on GitHub.{{% /alert %}}

### Enhancement

- Added history sparklines at end of run.
- Artifact improvements and API for linking.
- Improved offline support and syncing.
- Basic noop mode support to simplify testing.
- Improved windows/pycharm support.
- Run object has more modifiable properties.
- Public API supports attaching artifacts to historic runs.

### Bug Fix

- Many bugs fixed due to simplifying logic.
