---
title: "0.16.x"
date: 2024-04-03
---

## v0.16.6
**April 03, 2024**

{{% alert color="info" %}}View the [v0.16.6 changelog](https://github.com/wandb/wandb/releases/tag/v0.16.6) on GitHub.{{% /alert %}}

### Added

- Added support for overriding kaniko builder settings in the agent config.
- Added link to the project workspace of a run in the footer.
- Added support for overriding stopped run grace period in the agent config.
- Added setting (`_disable_update_check`) to disable version checks during init.
- `WandbLogger.sync` in the OpenAI Fine-Tuning integration gets a new `log_datasets` boolean argument to turn off automatic logging of datasets to Artifacts.
- Reduced default status print frequency of launch agent. Added verbosity controls to allow for increased status print frequency and printing debug information to stdout.

### Changed

- Limit policy option on artifact cli's put() to choices, ["mutable", "immutable"].
- Updated artifact public api methods to handle nullable Project field on the ArtifactSequence/ArtifactCollection type, based on gorilla server changes.

### Fixed

- Fixed `run.save()` not working with files inside `run.dir`, introduced in previous release.
- Fixed rare panic during large artifact uploads.
- Fixed wandb.login causing runs not to be associated with launch queue.
- Fixed job artifact download failing silently and causing run crash when using W&B Launch by @KyleGoyette https://github.com/wandb/wandb/pull/7285.
- Fix handling of saving training files to Artifacts in the OpenAI Fine-Tuning integration.

## v0.16.5
**March 25, 2024**

{{% alert color="info" %}}View the [v0.16.5 changelog](https://github.com/wandb/wandb/releases/tag/v0.16.5) on GitHub.{{% /alert %}}

### Added

- Added feature to move staging files to cache (instead of copying) for mutable artifact file uploads when caching is enabled.
- Added support to skip caching files to the local filesystem while uploading files to artifacts.
- Added support to skip staging artifact files during upload by selecting a storage policy.
- Preliminary support for forking a run using `wandb.init(fork_from=...)`.
- `run.save()` accepts `pathlib.Path` values;.

### Changed

- When printing the run link point to the workspace explicitly.

### Fixed

- In case of transient server issues when creating the wandb API key kubernetes secret, we'll retry up to 5 times.

### Removed

- When printing run's information in the terminal remove links to jobs.

## v0.16.4
**March 05, 2024**

{{% alert color="info" %}}View the [v0.16.4 changelog](https://github.com/wandb/wandb/releases/tag/v0.16.4) on GitHub.{{% /alert %}}

### Added

- Added ability to change artifact collection types.
- Add support for installing deps from pyproject.toml.
- Support kaniko build with user-provided pvc and docker config.
- Added ability to import runs between W&B instances.

### Changed

- Wandb-core rate-limits requests to the backend and respects RateLimit-\* headers.
  by @timoffex in https://github.com/wandb/wandb/pull/7065

### Fixed

- Fix passing of template variables in the sweeps-on-launch scheduler.
- Link job artifact to a run to be specified as input.
- Fix sagemaker entrypoint to use given entrypoint.
- Parse upload headers correctly.
- Properly propagate server errors.
- Make file upload faster by using parallelism.
- Don't send git data if it's not populated.
- Fix console logging resumption, avoid overwrite.
- Remove hostname validation when using --host on wandb login.
- Don't discard past visualizations when resuming a run.
- Avoid retrying on conflict status code.
- Fix visualization config merging for resumed runs in wandb-core.
- Replace usage of standard library's json with `segmentio`'s.
- Remove stderr as writer for the logs.
- Disable negative steps from initialization.
- Fix report loading in pydantic26.
- Revert "make upload request async to support progress reporting (#6497)".
- Fix entrypoint specification when using a Dockerfile.wandb.
- Fix stream releasing probe handle too early.
- Always attempt to pull latest image for local container.


## v0.16.3
**February 06, 2024**

{{% alert color="info" %}}View the [v0.16.3 changelog](https://github.com/wandb/wandb/releases/tag/v0.16.3) on GitHub.{{% /alert %}}

### Enhancements

- Generate data type info in core.
- Add support for Launch.
- Added option to control number of grouped sampled runs in reports.
- Add shared mode to enable multiple independent writers to the same run.
- Reduce artifact download latency via optional cache copy + threads.
- Add partial file downloads, via directory prefix.
- Update the Diffusers Integration.
- Update Ultralytics Integration.
- Add Pytorch Lightning Fabric Logger.
- Update go packages.

###  Fixes

- Remove project and runner fields from agent config.
- Recognize deleted k8s jobs as failed.
- Warn of extra fields in environment block instead of erroring.
- Entity override bug where ENVVAR is prioritized over kwargs.
- Local container runner doesn't ignore override args.
- Merge-update config with sweep/launch config.
- Fix retry logic in wandb-core and system_tests conftest.
- Use RW locks in system monitor's assets management.
- Set build context to entrypoint dir if it contains Dockerfile.wandb.
- Security(launch): Mount wandb api key in launch job pods from a k8s secret.
- Wandb job create should not look for requirements.txt if Dockerfile.wandb is next to entrypoint.
- Fix \_parse_path when only id is passed to wandb.Api().run().
- Update video.py: Fix fps bug.
- Clean up temp folders.
- Fix long artifact paths on Windows.
- Update Report API to work with pydantic2.6.
- Fetch all commits to enable checking out by sha.
- Dont swallow exceptions in pyagent.
- Artifact file upload progress in nexus.
- Exercise caution in system monitor when rocm-smi is installed on a system with no amd gpus.
- Typo in cli.py.
- Remove deadsnakes from accelerator build step.

###  Docs


**Full Changelog**: https://github.com/wandb/wandb/compare/v0.16.2...v0.16.3

## v0.16.2
**January 09, 2024**

{{% alert color="info" %}}View the [v0.16.2 changelog](https://github.com/wandb/wandb/releases/tag/v0.16.2) on GitHub.{{% /alert %}}

### Enhancements

- Refactor store logic and add store writer.
- Add AMD GPU monitoring.
- Add console log file upload.
- Add registry uri field to builders.
- Add `wandb beta sync` feature to upload runs to W&B.
- CLI supports allow-listed queue parameters.
- Add support for requirements and patch.diff.
- Capture SLURM-related env vars in metadata.
- --priority flag on `wandb launch` command to specify priority when enqueuing jobs.
- Add verify feature to wandb login.
- Sweeps on Launch honors selected job priority for sweep runs.
- Commence operation SDKrab.
- Make upload request async to support progress reporting.
- Add TensorBoard log dir watcher.
- Upload wandb-summary.json and config.yaml files.

###  Fixes

- Update error message and remove extra.
- Clean up issues with file sending.
- Add jitter to retry clients' backoff strategy.
- Only skip file download if digest matches.
- Fix resume and add tests.
- Capture errors from the creation of k8s job from yaml.
- Get default entity before checking template vars.
- Remove run creation for artifact downloads if not using core.
- Retrieve ETag for ObjectVersion instead of Object for versioned buckets.
- Revert #6759 and read object version etag in place.
- Put back the upload file count.
- Add send cancel request to sender.
- Check errors in memory monitoring.
- Add job_type flag in CLI to allow override of job_type.
- Handle ultralytics utils import refactor.
- Download artifacts with wandb-core without an active run.
- Fix error logging matplotlib scatter plot if the minimum version of plotly library is not met.
- Allow overriding the default .netrc location with NETRC env var.

###  Docs

- Update the `README-libwandb-cpp.md` doc.

**Full Changelog**: https://github.com/wandb/wandb/compare/v0.16.1...v0.16.2

## v0.16.1
**December 05, 2023**

{{% alert color="info" %}}View the [v0.16.1 changelog](https://github.com/wandb/wandb/releases/tag/v0.16.1) on GitHub.{{% /alert %}}

### Enhancements

- Remove recursive download.
- Add debounce summary in handler.
- Fix bug in ultralytics import and version pinning.
- Support template variables when queueing launch runs.
- Add --skip-console option to offline sync cli command.
- Add basic graphql versioning mechanism.
- Add Apple M\* GPU stats monitoring.
- Add helper to load wandb.Config from env vars.
- Port OpenAI WandbLogger for openai-python v1.0.
- Fix version check for openAI WandbLogger.
- Diffusers autologger.
- Adding parameter to image to specify file type jpg, png, bmp, gif.

###  Fixes

- Make offline sync work properly.
- Fix run existence check to not depend on files being uploaded in the run.
- Gcp storage uri verifaction failed due to improper async wrapping.
- Updating summary with nested dicts now doesn't throw an error.
- Add prioritization mode to RunQueue create.
- Create symlink to the server logs in the runs folder.
- Single value problem in wandb/wandb_torch.py::log_tensor_stats.
- Tmin vs tmax in wandb/wandb_torch.py::log_tensor_stats.
- Minor fix up for non server cases.
- Make old settings more robust.
- Handle tags when resuming a run.

###  Docs

- Fix doc-string typo in a keras callback.

**Full Changelog**: https://github.com/wandb/wandb/compare/v0.16.0...v0.16.1

## v0.16.0
**November 07, 2023**

{{% alert color="info" %}}View the [v0.16.0 changelog](https://github.com/wandb/wandb/releases/tag/v0.16.0) on GitHub.{{% /alert %}}

### Enhancements

- Add nested config support.
- Finish artifact saver.
- Add sync file counts in the footer.
- Implement directory watcher and related functionality.
- Run agent on an event loop.
- Add sampled history.
- Prototype for models api.
- Register sweep scheduler virtual agents async.
- Make file uploads work with local.
- Allow users to log custom chart tables in a different section.
- Generalize uploader to filemanager to allow downloads.
- Drop python 3.6 support.
- Delete staging files in Nexus.
- Set up artifact downloads to use sdk nexus core.
- Add file upload progress and make completion callback a list of callbacks.
- Add wandb.ai/run-id label to jobs.

###  Fixes

- Ensures that complete run.config is captured in SageMaker.
- Improve error handling for gitlib for FileNotFoundErrors.
- Increase max message size, handle errors.
- Agent better balances multiple queues.
- Remove versioning enabled check in GCS reference handler.
- Add google-cloud-aiplatform to launch shard.
- Add use_artifact as passthrough messages.
- Adjust vertex environment variables.
- Update artifacts cache file permissions for NamedTemporaryFile.
- Fix a number of issues.
- Saving mlp figure to buffer and reading with PIL should specify format.
- Send content-length, check response status code in uploader.
- Fix step logic when resuming runs with no metrics logged.
- Hook_handle being set to list instead of dict on unhook.
- Verify gcp credentials before creating vertex job.
- Add load option to docker buildx.
- Fix perf regressions in artifact downloads and fix file download location.
- Add warning when `log_code` can't locate any files.
- Adjust ipython hooks for v8.17.

###  Docs

- Fix `Graph` docstring.
- Fix suggested command for uploading artifacts.

**Full Changelog**: https://github.com/wandb/wandb/compare/v0.15.12...v0.16.0
