---
title: "0.17.x"
date: 2024-09-05
---

## v0.17.9
**September 05, 2024**

{{% alert color="info" %}}View the [v0.17.9 changelog](https://github.com/wandb/wandb/releases/tag/v0.17.9) on GitHub.{{% /alert %}}

### Changed

- Changed the default system metrics sampling interval to 10 seconds without averaging, while allowing custom intervals via `wandb.init(settings=wandb.Settings(_stats_sampling_interval=...))`.

### Deprecated

- `define_metric(summary='best', goal=...)` is deprecated and soon will be removed, use `define_metric(summary='min')` or `define_metric(summary='min')` instead.

## v0.17.8
**August 28, 2024**

{{% alert color="info" %}}View the [v0.17.8 changelog](https://github.com/wandb/wandb/releases/tag/v0.17.8) on GitHub.{{% /alert %}}

### Added

- Capture SM (Streaming Multiprocessor), memory, and graphics clock speed (MHz), (un)corrected error counts, fan speed (%), and encoder utilization for Nvidia GPU devices when using core.
- Allow iterating over `wandb.Config` like a dictionary.
- PR curves, images and histograms are supported when using TensorBoard with core enabled.
- Added `wandb.require("legacy-service")` as the opt-out analog of `wandb.require("core")`.

### Fixed

- Avoid leaving behind wandb-core process if user hits Ctrl+C twice.
- Fix deprecation warnings arising from NumPy >= 2.1 by removing `newshape` argument from `numpy.reshape`.
- Skip uploading/downloading GCS reference artifact manifest entries corresponding to folders.

### Deprecated

- Ability to disable the service process (`WANDB__DISABLE_SERVICE`) is deprecated and will be removed in the next minor release.

## v0.17.7
**August 15, 2024**

{{% alert color="info" %}}View the [v0.17.7 changelog](https://github.com/wandb/wandb/releases/tag/v0.17.7) on GitHub.{{% /alert %}}

### Fixed

- Ensure Nvidia GPU metrics are captured if `libnvidia-ml.so` is unavailable when using core.
- Allow `define_metric("x", step_metric="x")` when using core.
- Correctly upload empty files when using core.
- Fix occasional "send on closed channel" panic when finishing a run using core.

## v0.17.6
**August 08, 2024**

{{% alert color="info" %}}View the [v0.17.6 changelog](https://github.com/wandb/wandb/releases/tag/v0.17.6) on GitHub.{{% /alert %}}

### Added

- Specify job input schemas when calling manage_config_file or manage_wandb_config to create a nicer UI when launching the job.
- Use the filesystem rather than protobuf messages to transport manifests with more than 100k entries to the core process.
- Adds the `box3d` constructor for `Box3D`.

### Changed

- `run.define_metric()` raises an error when given extraneous arguments.
- In disabled mode, use the `wandb.sdk.wandb_run.Run` class instead of `wandb.sdk.wandb_run.RunDisabled`, which has been removed.
- When `WANDB_MODE = offline` calling `artifact.download()` now throws an error instead of stalling.

### Fixed

- Correctly handle directory stubs when logging external artifact in azure storage account with Hierarchical Namespace enabled.
- Docstring in `api.runs()` regarding default sort order, missed in https://github.com/wandb/wandb/pull/7675.

## v0.17.5
**July 19, 2024**

{{% alert color="info" %}}View the [v0.17.5 changelog](https://github.com/wandb/wandb/releases/tag/v0.17.5) on GitHub.{{% /alert %}}

### Added

- When using wandb-core, support multipart uploads to S3.

### Changed

- `run.finish()` may raise an exception in cases where previously it would `os._exit()`.
- `run.link_artifact()` can now surface server errors.

### Fixed

- Handle `path_prefix`es that don't correspond to directory names when downloading artifacts.
- Fix creating or updating an artifact with the `incremental=True` flag.
- Use filled resource_arg macros when submitting W&B Launch jobs to AmazonSageMaker.

## v0.17.4
**July 03, 2024**

{{% alert color="info" %}}View the [v0.17.4 changelog](https://github.com/wandb/wandb/releases/tag/v0.17.4) on GitHub.{{% /alert %}}

### Added

- Support queue template variables in launch sweep scheduler jobs.

### Fixed

- Use `sys.exit()` instead of `os._exit()` if an internal subprocess exits with a non-zero code.
- Fix an occasional race condition when using `core` that could affect run logs.
- Fix OSError on `Artifact.download(skip_cache=True)` when encountering different filesystems.

## v0.17.3
**June 24, 2024**

{{% alert color="info" %}}View the [v0.17.3 changelog](https://github.com/wandb/wandb/releases/tag/v0.17.3) on GitHub.{{% /alert %}}

### Fixed

- Correctly name the netrc file on Windows as `_netrc`.
- With core enabled, nested `tqdm` bars show up correctly in the Logs tab.
- Fix W&B Launch registry ECR regex separating tag on forward slash and period.

## v0.17.2
**June 17, 2024**

{{% alert color="info" %}}View the [v0.17.2 changelog](https://github.com/wandb/wandb/releases/tag/v0.17.2) on GitHub.{{% /alert %}}

### Added

- Add prior runs when creating a sweep from the CLI.

### Fixed

- Fix issues with `numpy>=2` support.
- Fix "UnicodeDecodeError: 'charmap'" when opening HTML files on Windows by specifying UTF-8 encoding.
- Ensure `Artifact.delete()` on linked artifacts only removes link, not source artifact.
- Sweep runs no longer appear to be resumed when they are not by @TimH98 https://github.com/wandb/wandb/pull/7684.

### Changed

- Upgrade github.com/vektah/gqlparser/v2 from 2.5.11 to 2.5.16.

## v0.17.1
**June 07, 2024**

{{% alert color="info" %}}View the [v0.17.1 changelog](https://github.com/wandb/wandb/releases/tag/v0.17.1) on GitHub.{{% /alert %}}

### Added

- Added `api.runs().histories()` to fetch history metrics for runs that meet specified conditions.
- Display warning when Kubernetes pod fails to schedule.
- Added `ArtifactCollection.save()` to allow persisting changes.
- Added the ability to overwrite history of previous runs at an arbitrary step and continue logging from that step.
- Added new Workspace API for programatically editing W&B Workspaces.
- Added `Artifact.unlink()` to allow programmatic unlinking of artifacts.
- Added basic TensorBoard support when running with `wandb.require("core")`.
  - The TensorBoard tab in W&B will work.
  - Charts show up in W&B, possibly better than when running without core.
  - Not all types of data are supported yet. Unsupported data is not shown in charts.

### Fixed

- Fix `define_metric` behavior for multiple metrics in `shared` mode.
- Correctly pass in project name to internal api from run while calling run.use_artifact().
- Correctly upload console output log files when resuming runs enabled with `console_multipart` setting by @kptkin in https://github.com/wandb/wandb/pull/7694 and @dmitryduev in https://github.com/wandb/wandb/pull/7697.
- Interpret non-octal strings with leading zeros as strings and not integers in sweep configs by @KyleGoyette https://github.com/wandb/wandb/pull/7649.
- Support Azure repo URI format in Launch @KyleGoyette https://github.com/wandb/wandb/pull/7664.
- Fix path parsing for artifacts with aliases containing forward slashes.
- Add missing docstrings for any public methods in `Api` class.
- Correctly add latest alias to jobs built by the job builder @KyleGoyette https://github.com/wandb/wandb/pull/7727.

### Changed

- Option to change naming scheme for console output logs from `output.log` to `logs/YYYYMMDD_HHmmss.ms_output.log`.
- Require `unsafe=True` in `use_model` calls that could potentially load and deserialize unsafe pickle files by @anandwandb https://github.com/wandb/wandb/pull/7663.
- Update order in api.runs() to ascending to prevent duplicate responses by @thanos-wandb https://github.com/wandb/wandb/pull/7675.
- Eliminate signed URL timeout errors during artifact file uploads in core.

### Deprecated

- Deprecated `ArtifactCollection.change_type()` in favor of `ArtifactCollection.save()`.

## v0.17.0
**May 07, 2024**

{{% alert color="info" %}}View the [v0.17.0 changelog](https://github.com/wandb/wandb/releases/tag/v0.17.0) on GitHub.{{% /alert %}}

## Notable Changes

Renamed `wandb.plots` to `wandb.plot`, renamed all integrations from `wandb.<name>` to `wandb.integration.<name>`, and removed the `[async]` extra.

This version packages the `wandb-core` binary, formerly installed by the `wandb-core` Python package on PyPI. The `wandb-core` package is now unused and can be uninstalled.

### Added

- The `wandb` package now includes the `wandb-core` binary.
  - `wandb-core` is a new and improved backend for the W&B SDK that focuses on performance, versatility, and robustness.
  - Currently, it is opt-in. To start using the new backend, add `wandb.require("core")` to your script after importing `wandb`.
- `wandb-core` now supports Artifact file caching by @moredatarequired in https://github.com/wandb/wandb/pull/7364 and https://github.com/wandb/wandb/pull/7366.
- Added artifact_exists() and artifact_collection_exists() methods to Api to check if an artifact or collection exists.
- `wandb launch -u <git-uri | local-path> ` creates and launches a job from the given source code.

### Fixed

- Prevent crash on `run.summary` for finished runs.
- Correctly report file upload errors when using wandb-core.
- Implemented a stricter check for AMD GPU availability.
- Fixed `run.save()` on Windows.
- Show a warning instead of failing when using registries other than ECR and GAR with the Kaniko builder.
- Fixed `wandb.init()` type signature including `None`.

### Changed

- When using `wandb-core` need to specify a required flag (`wandb.require("core")`) to enable it, before it was picked up automatically.
- Use ETags instead of MD5 hashes for GCS reference artifacts.

### Removed

- Removed the deprecated `wandb.plots.*` functions and top-level third-party integrations `wandb.[catboost,fastai,keras,lightgbm,sacred,xgboost]`. Please use `wandb.plot` instead of `wandb.plots` and `wandb.integration.[catboost,fastai,keras,lightgbm,sacred,xgboost]` instead of `wandb.[catboost,fastai,keras,lightgbm,sacred,xgboost]`.
- Removed the `[async]` extra and the `_async_upload_concurrency_limit` setting.
- Removed undocumented settings: `_except_exit` and `problem`.
