---
title: "0.18.x"
date: 2024-11-13
---

## v0.18.7
**November 13, 2024**

{{% alert color="info" %}}View the [v0.18.7 changelog](https://github.com/wandb/wandb/releases/tag/v0.18.7) on GitHub.{{% /alert %}}

### Added

- Added `create_and_run_agent` to `__all__` in `wandb/sdk/launch/__init__.py` to expose it as a public API.

### Changed

- Tables logged in offline mode now have updated keys to artifact paths when syncing. To revert to old behavior, use setting `allow_offline_artifacts = False`.

### Deprecated

- The `quiet` argument to `wandb.run.finish()` is deprecated, use `wandb.Settings(quiet=...)` to set this instead.

### Fixed

- Fix `api.artifact()` to correctly pass the `enable_tracking` argument to the `Artifact._from_name()` method.

## v0.18.6
**November 06, 2024**

{{% alert color="info" %}}View the [v0.18.6 changelog](https://github.com/wandb/wandb/releases/tag/v0.18.6) on GitHub.{{% /alert %}}

### Added

- Add a boolean `overwrite` param to `Artifact.add()`/`Artifact.add_file()` to allow overwrite of previously-added artifact files.

### Fixed

- Add missing type hints of the `wandb.plot` module in the package stub.
- Fix limiting azure reference artifact uploads to `max_objects`.
- Fix downloading azure reference artifacts with `skip_cache=True`.
- Fix multipart uploads for files with no content type defined in headers.
- Fixed tensorboard failing to sync when logging batches of images.
- Fixed behavior of `mode='x'`/`mode='w'` in `Artifact.new_file()` to conform to Python's built-in file modes.
- Do not ignore parameter `distribution` when configuring sweep parameters from SDK.

### Changed

- Added internal method, `api._artifact()`, to fetch artifacts so that usage events are not created if not called by an external user.
- Changed default `mode` in `Artifact.new_file()` from `'w'` to `'x'` to accurately reflect existing default behavior.

## v0.18.5
**October 17, 2024**

{{% alert color="info" %}}View the [v0.18.5 changelog](https://github.com/wandb/wandb/releases/tag/v0.18.5) on GitHub.{{% /alert %}}

### Fixed

- Import `Literal` from `typing_extensions` in Python 3.7; broken in 0.18.4.

## v0.18.4
**October 17, 2024**

{{% alert color="info" %}}View the [v0.18.4 changelog](https://github.com/wandb/wandb/releases/tag/v0.18.4) on GitHub.{{% /alert %}}

### Added

- Track detailed metrics for Apple ARM systems including GPU, eCPU, and pCPU utilization, power consumption, and temperature, and memory/swap utilization.
- Allow users to link Registry artifacts without inputting the organization entity name.
- Added a warning message indicating that the `fps` argument will be ignored when creating a wandb.Video object from a file path string or a bytes object.
- Update docstrings for `logged_artifacts` and `used_artifacts` methods in `Run` class.
- The `_show_operation_stats` setting enables a preview of a better `run.finish()` UX.

### Fixed

- Log power on AMD MI300X series GPUs.
- Fixed typing issue of `wandb.Api`.
- Ensure artifact objects are fully updated on `Artifact.save()`.

### Changed

- Updated minimum version of `sentry-sdk` to 2.0.0 to address deprecation warnings.

## v0.18.3
**October 01, 2024**

{{% alert color="info" %}}View the [v0.18.3 changelog](https://github.com/wandb/wandb/releases/tag/v0.18.3) on GitHub.{{% /alert %}}

### Added

- Add the ability to monitor the utilization metrics of Google's Cloud TPU devices.

### Fixed

- Capture Nvidia GPU stats on Windows.
- Fixed a regression introduced in v0.18.2 that affected capturing the names of Nvidia GPU devices.
- `run.log_artifact()` no longer blocks other data uploads until the artifact upload finishes.
- Fixed media dependency for rdkit updated from `rdkit-pypi` to `rdkit`.
- Saving an artifact with many large files no longer exhausts OS threads.

### Changed

- After `artifact = run.log_artifact()`, you must use `artifact.wait()` before operations that rely on the artifact having been uploaded. Previously, this wasn't necessary in some cases because `run.log_artifact()` blocked other operations on the run.

## v0.18.2
**September 27, 2024**

{{% alert color="info" %}}View the [v0.18.2 changelog](https://github.com/wandb/wandb/releases/tag/v0.18.2) on GitHub.{{% /alert %}}

### Added

- Add `upsert_run_queue` method to `wandb.Api`.
- Add `tags` parameter to `wandb.Api.artifacts()` to filter artifacts by tag.

### Fixed

- Update the signature and docstring of `wandb.api.public.runs.Run.log_artifact()` to support artifact tags like `Run` instances returned by `wandb.init()`.
- Add docstring for `wandb.watch` to support auto-complete.
- Fix glob matching in define metric to work with logged keys containing `/`.
- Allow `a\.b` syntax in run.define_metric to refer to a dotted metric name.
  - NOTE: Not fixed if using `wandb.require("legacy-service")`
- Fix Unknown image format error when uploading a gif through tensorboard.
- Fix `OSError` from calling `Artifact.add_file` with file paths on mounted filesystems.
- Restored compatibility for macOS versions <= 10.15 for wandb-core.

## v0.18.1
**September 16, 2024**

{{% alert color="info" %}}View the [v0.18.1 changelog](https://github.com/wandb/wandb/releases/tag/v0.18.1) on GitHub.{{% /alert %}}

### Fixed

- Allow all users to read cache files when core is enabled.
- Infinite scalars logged in TensorBoard are uploaded successfully rather than skipped.
- Properly respect `WANDB_ERROR_REPORTING=false`. This fixes a regression introduced in 0.18.0.

### Changed

- Remove sentry logging for sendLinkArtifact.
- Default to capturing requirements.txt in Run.log_code.

## v0.18.0
**September 11, 2024**

{{% alert color="info" %}}View the [v0.18.0 changelog](https://github.com/wandb/wandb/releases/tag/v0.18.0) on GitHub.{{% /alert %}}

## Notable Changes

This version switches `wandb` to a new backend by enabling `wandb.require("core")` by default. This should not be a breaking change, but the new backend may have unexpected differences in behavior for legacy functionality and rare edge cases.

### Added

- Add support for artifact tags, via `Artifact.tags` and `Run.log_artifact()`.

### Fixed

- Detect the notebook name in VS Code's built-in jupyter server.

### Changed

- The new "core" backend, previously activated using wandb.require("core"), is now used by default. To revert to the legacy behavior, add `wandb.require("legacy-service")` at the beginning of your script. Note: In a future minor release, the option to disable this new behavior will be removed.
