---
title: "0.19.x"
date: 2025-05-07
---

## v0.19.11
**May 07, 2025**

{{% alert color="info" %}}View the [v0.19.11 changelog](https://github.com/wandb/wandb/releases/tag/v0.19.11) on GitHub.{{% /alert %}}

### Added

- Added creation, deletion, and updating of registries in the SDK.
- `artifact.is_link` property to artifacts to determine if an artifact is a link artifact (such as in the Registry) or source artifact.
- `artifact.linked_artifacts` to fetch all the linked artifacts to a source artifact and `artifact.source_artifact` to fetch the source artifact of a linked artifact.
- `run.link_artifact()`, `artifact.link()`, and `run.link_model()` all return the linked artifact upon linking.
- Multipart download for artifact file larger than 2GB, user can control it directly using `artifact.download(multipart=True)`.
- `Project.id` property to get the project ID on a `wandb.public.Project`.
- New public API for W&B Automations.
  - New submodules and classes in `wandb.automations.*` to support programmatically managing W&B Automations.
  - `Api.integrations()`, `Api.slack_integrations()`, `Api.webhook_integrations()` to fetch a team's existing Slack or webhook integrations.
  - `Api.create_automation()`, `Api.automation()`/`Api.automations()`, `Api.update_automation()`, `Api.delete_automation()` to create, fetch, edit, and delete Automations.
- Create and edit automations triggered on `RUN_METRIC_CHANGE` events, i.e. on changes in run metric values (absolute or relative deltas).
- Ability to collect profiling metrics for Nvidia GPUs using DCGM. To enable, set the `WANDB_ENABLE_DCGM_PROFILING` environment variable to `true`. Requires the `nvidia-dcgm` service to be running on the machine. Enabling this feature can lead to increased resource usage.


### Fixed

- `run.log_code` correctly sets the run configs `code_path` value.
- Correctly use `WANDB_CONFIG_DIR` for determining system settings file path.
- Prevent invalid `Artifact` and `ArtifactCollection` names (which would make them unloggable), explicitly raising a `ValueError` when attempting to assign an invalid name.
- Prevent pydantic `ConfigError` in Pydantic v1 environments from not calling `.model_rebuild()/.update_forward_refs()` on generated types with ForwardRef fields.
- `wandb.init()` no longer raises `Permission denied` error when the wandb directory is not writable or readable.
- Calling `file.delete()` on files queried via `api.Runs(...)` no longer raises `CommError`.
    - Bug introduced in 0.19.1

## v0.19.10
**April 22, 2025**

{{% alert color="info" %}}View the [v0.19.10 changelog](https://github.com/wandb/wandb/releases/tag/v0.19.10) on GitHub.{{% /alert %}}

### Added

- The new `reinit="create_new"` setting causes `wandb.init()` to create a new run even if other runs are active, without finishing the other runs (in contrast to `reinit="finish_previous"`). This will eventually become the default.
- Added `Artifact.history_step` to return the nearest run step at which history metrics were logged for the artifact's source run.
- Added `data_is_not_path` flag to skip file checks when initializing `wandb.Html` with a sting that points to a file.

### Changed

- `Artifact.download()` no longer raises an error when using `WANDB_MODE=offline` or when an offline run exists.

### Removed

- Dropped the `-q` / `--quiet` argument to the `wandb` magic in IPython / Jupyter; use the `quiet` run setting instead.

### Deprecated

- The following `wandb.Run` methods are deprecated in favor of properties and will be removed in a future release (@kptkin in https://github.com/wandb/wandb/pull/8925):.
    - `run.project_name()` is deprecated in favor of `run.project`
    - `run.get_url()` method is deprecated in favor of `run.url`
    - `run.get_project_url()` method is deprecated in favor of `run.project_url`
    - `run.get_sweep_url()` method is deprecated in favor of `run.sweep_url`


### Fixed

- Fixed ValueError on Windows when running a W&B script from a different drive.
- Fix base_url setting was not provided to wandb.login.
- `wandb.Html()` no longer raises `IsADirectoryError` with a value that matched a directory on the users system.

## v0.19.9
**April 01, 2025**

{{% alert color="info" %}}View the [v0.19.9 changelog](https://github.com/wandb/wandb/releases/tag/v0.19.9) on GitHub.{{% /alert %}}

### Added

- The `reinit` setting can be set to `"default"`.
- Added support for building artifact file download urls using the new url scheme, with artifact collection membership context.

### Changed

- Boolean values for the `reinit` setting are deprecated; use "return_previous" and "finish_previous" instead.
- The "wandb" logger is configured with `propagate=False` at import time, whereas it previously happened when starting a run. This may change the messages observed by the root logger in some workflows.
- Metaflow now requires `plum-dispatch` package.
- Relaxed the `pydantic` version requirement to support both v1 and v2.
- Existing `pydantic` types have been adapted to be compatible with Pydantic v1.
- `wandb.init(dir=...)` now creates any nonexistent directories in `dir` if it has a parent directory that is writeable.
- The server now supports fetching artifact files by providing additional collection information; updated the artifacts api to use the new endpoints instead.
- Paginated methods (and underlying paginators) that accept a `per_page` argument now only accept `int` values. Default `per_page` values are set directly in method signatures, and explicitly passing `None` is no longer supported.

### Fixed

- Calling `wandb.init()` in a notebook finishes previous runs as previously documented.
    - Bug introduced in 0.19.0
- Fixed an error being thrown when logging `jpg`/`jpeg` images containing transparency data.
- `wandb.init(resume_from=...)` now works without explicitly specifying the run's `id`.
- Deleting files with the Public API works again.
    - Bug introduced in 0.19.1
- Fixed media files not displaying in the UI when logging to a run with a custom storage bucket.

## v0.19.8
**March 04, 2025**

{{% alert color="info" %}}View the [v0.19.8 changelog](https://github.com/wandb/wandb/releases/tag/v0.19.8) on GitHub.{{% /alert %}}

### Fixed

- Media file paths containing special characters (?, *, ], [ or \\) no longer cause file uploads to fail in `wandb-core`.

### Changed

- The system monitor now samples metrics every 15 seconds by default, up from 10 seconds.

## v0.19.7
**February 21, 2025**

{{% alert color="info" %}}View the [v0.19.7 changelog](https://github.com/wandb/wandb/releases/tag/v0.19.7) on GitHub.{{% /alert %}}

### Added

- Registry search api.

### Changed

- Changed moviepy constraint to >=1.0.0.
- `wandb.init()` displays more detailed information, in particular when it is stuck retrying HTTP errors.

### Removed

- Removed the private `x_show_operation_stats` setting.

### Fixed

- Fixed incorrect logging of an "wandb.Video requires moviepy \[...\]" exception when using moviepy v2.
- `wandb.setup()` correctly starts up the internal service process; this semantic was unintentionally broken in 0.19.2.
- Fixed `TypeError: Object of type ... is not JSON serializable` when using numpy number types as values.

## v0.19.6
**February 05, 2025**

{{% alert color="info" %}}View the [v0.19.6 changelog](https://github.com/wandb/wandb/releases/tag/v0.19.6) on GitHub.{{% /alert %}}

### Added

- Prometheus API support for Nvidia DCGM GPU metrics collection.

### Changed

- Changed Nvidia GPU ECC counters from aggregated to volatile.

### Fixed

- Fixed a performance issue causing slow instantiation of `wandb.Artifact`, which in turn slowed down fetching artifacts in various API methods.
- Some errors from `wandb.Api` have better string representations.
- Artifact.add_reference, when used with file URIs for a directory and the name parameter, was incorrectly adding the value of `name` to the path of the file references.
- Fixed a bug causing `Artifact.add_reference()` with `checksum=False` to log new versions of local reference artifacts without changes to the reference URI.

## v0.19.5
**January 29, 2025**

{{% alert color="info" %}}View the [v0.19.5 changelog](https://github.com/wandb/wandb/releases/tag/v0.19.5) on GitHub.{{% /alert %}}

### Added

- Added `wandb login --base-url {host_url}` to login as an alias of `wandb login --host {host_url}`.

### Changed
- Temporarily disabled collecting per-core CPU utilization stats.

### Fixed

- Fixed a bug causing `offline` mode to make network requests when logging media artifacts. If you are using an older version of W&B Server that does not support offline artifact uploads, use the setting `allow_offline_artifacts=False` to revert to older compatible behavior.
- Expand sanitization rules for logged table artifact name to allow for hyphens and dots. This update brings the rules up-to-date with the current rules for artifact names. (Allowing letters, numbers, underscores, hyphens, and dots).
- Correctly handle run rewind settings `fork_from` and `resume_from`.

## v0.19.4
**January 16, 2025**

{{% alert color="info" %}}View the [v0.19.4 changelog](https://github.com/wandb/wandb/releases/tag/v0.19.4) on GitHub.{{% /alert %}}

### Fixed

- Fix incorrectly reported device counts and duty cycle measurements for TPUs with single devices per chip / multiple devices on the host and make TPU metrics sampling more robust.
- Handle non-consecutive TPU device IDs in system monitor.

## v0.19.3
**January 13, 2025**

{{% alert color="info" %}}View the [v0.19.3 changelog](https://github.com/wandb/wandb/releases/tag/v0.19.3) on GitHub.{{% /alert %}}

### Fixed

- Fix `wandb.Settings` update regression in `wandb.integration.metaflow`.

## v0.19.2
**January 07, 2025**

{{% alert color="info" %}}View the [v0.19.2 changelog](https://github.com/wandb/wandb/releases/tag/v0.19.2) on GitHub.{{% /alert %}}

### Added

- Support JWT authentication in wandb-core.
- Add support for logging nested custom charts.

### Changed

- Calling `wandb.init(mode="disabled")` no longer disables all later runs by default. Use `wandb.setup(settings=wandb.Settings(mode="disabled"))` for this instead, or set `mode="disabled"` explicitly in each call to `wandb.init()`.

### Fixed

- The stop button correctly interrupts runs whose main Python thread is running C code, sleeping, etc.
- Remove unintentional print that occurs when inspecting `wandb.Api().runs()`.
- Fix uploading large artifacts when using Azure Blob Storage.
- The `wandb offline` command no longer adds an unsupported setting to `wandb.Settings`, resolving `ValidationError`.
- Fix error when reinitializing a run, caused by accessing a removed attribute.
- Fixed occasional deadlock when using `multiprocessing` to update a single run from multiple processes.
- Prevent errors from bugs in older versions of `botocore < 1.5.76`.
- Fixed various checks against invalid `anonymous` settings value.

### Removed

- The `wandb.wandb_sdk.wandb_setup._setup()` function's `reset` parameter has been removed. Note that this is a private function, even though there appear to be usages outside of the repo. Please `wandb.teardown()` instead of `_setup(reset=True)`.
- In the private `wandb.wandb_sdk.wandb_setup` module, the `logger` and `_set_logger` symbols have been removed.

### Security

- Bump `github.com/go-git/go-git` version to 5.13.0 to address CVE-2025-21613.
- Bump `golang.org/x/net` version to 0.33.0 to address CVE-2024-45338.

## v0.19.1
**December 13, 2024**

{{% alert color="info" %}}View the [v0.19.1 changelog](https://github.com/wandb/wandb/releases/tag/v0.19.1) on GitHub.{{% /alert %}}

### Fixed

- Fixed bug where setting WANDB__SERVICE_WAIT led to an exception during wandb.init.

### Changed

- `run.finish()` displays more detailed information in the terminal and in Jupyter notebooks.
- Improved error message for failing tensorboard.patch() calls to show the option to call tensorboard.unpatch() first.
- Add projectId to deleteFiles mutation if the server supports it.

### Security

- Bump `golang.org/x/crypto` version to 0.31.0 to address CVE-2024-45337.

## v0.19.0
**December 05, 2024**

{{% alert color="info" %}}View the [v0.19.0 changelog](https://github.com/wandb/wandb/releases/tag/v0.19.0) on GitHub.{{% /alert %}}

## Notable Changes

This version drops Python 3.7 and removes the `wandb.Run.plot_table` method.
This version adds pydantic>=2.6,<3 as a dependency.

### Changed

- Set default behavior to not create a W&B Job.
- Add pydantic>=2.6,<3 as a dependency (@dmitryduev in https://github.com/wandb/wandb/pull/8649 & estellazx.
 in https://github.com/wandb/wandb/pull/8905)

### Removed

- Remove `wandb.Run.plot_table` method. The functionality is still available and should be accessed using `wandb.plot_table`, which is now the recommended way to use this feature.
- Drop support for Python 3.7.

### Fixed

- Fix `ultralytics` reporting if there are no positive examples in a validation batch.
- Debug printing for hyperband stopping algorithm printed one char per line.
- Include the missing `log_params` argument when calling lightgbm's `wandb_callback` function.
