---
title: "0.21.x"
date: 2025-09-11
---

## v0.21.4
**September 11, 2025**

{{% alert color="info" %}}View the [v0.21.4 changelog](https://github.com/wandb/wandb/releases/tag/v0.21.4) on GitHub.{{% /alert %}}

### Added

- Add DSPy integration: track evaluation metrics over time, log predictions and program signature evolution to W&B Tables, and save DSPy programs as W&B Artifacts (complete program or state as JSON/PKL).

## v0.21.3
**August 30, 2025**

{{% alert color="info" %}}View the [v0.21.3 changelog](https://github.com/wandb/wandb/releases/tag/v0.21.3) on GitHub.{{% /alert %}}

### Changed

- Updated `click` dependency constraint from `>=7.1` to `>=8.0.1`.

### Fixed

- The message "Changes to your wandb environment variables will be ignored" is no longer printed when nothing changed.

## v0.21.2
**August 28, 2025**

{{% alert color="info" %}}View the [v0.21.2 changelog](https://github.com/wandb/wandb/releases/tag/v0.21.2) on GitHub.{{% /alert %}}

## Notable Changes

This version raises errors that would previously have been suppressed during calls to `Artifact.link()` or `Run.link_artifact()`. While this prevents undetected failures in those methods, it is also a breaking change.

### Added

- New settings for `max_end_of_run_history_metrics` and `max_end_of_run_summary_metrics`.
- New `wandb.integration.weave` module for automatically initializing Weave when a W&B run is active and `weave` is imported.

### Changed

- Errors encountered while linking an artifact are no longer suppressed/silenced, and `Artifact.link()` and `Run.link_artifact()` no longer return `None`.
- The "Run history" and "Run summary" printed at the end of a run are now limited to 10 metrics each.

### Fixed

- Dataclasses in a run's `config` no long raise `Object of type ... is not JSON serializable` when containing real classes as fields to the dataclass.
- `Artifact.link()` and `Run.link_artifact()` should be faster on server versions 0.74.0+, requiring 4-5 fewer unnecessary blocking GraphQL requests.

## v0.21.1
**August 07, 2025**

{{% alert color="info" %}}View the [v0.21.1 changelog](https://github.com/wandb/wandb/releases/tag/v0.21.1) on GitHub.{{% /alert %}}

## Notable Changes

The default ordering for `Api().runs(...)` and `Api().sweeps(...)` is now ascending order based on the runs `created_at` time.

### Added

- Support `first` summary option in `define_metric`.
- Add support for paginated sweeps.
- `pattern` parameter to `Api().run().files` to only get files matching a given pattern from the W&B backend.
- Add optional `format` key to Launch input JSONSchema to specify a string with a secret format.

### Changed

- `Sweep.name` property will now return user-edited display name if available (falling back to original name from sweep config, then sweep ID as before).
- `Api().runs(...)` and `Api().sweeps(...)` now returns runs in ascending order according to the runs `created_at` time.
- Artifact with large file (>2GB) uploads faster by using parallel hashing on system with more cores.
- Remove the implementation of `__bool__` for the registry iterators to align with python lazy iterators.

### Deprecated

- The `wandb.beta.workflows` module and its contents (including `log_model()`, `use_model()`, and `link_model()`) are deprecated and will be removed in a future release.

### Fixed

- Correct the artifact url for organization registry artifacts to be independent of the artifact type.
- Suffixes on sanitized `InternalArtifact` names have been shortened to 6 alphanumeric characters.
- `wandb.Video` will not print a progress spinner while encoding video when `WANDB_SILENT`/`WANDB_QUIET` environment variables are set.
- Fixed registries fetched using `api.registries()` from having an extra `wandb-registry-` prefix in the name and full_name fields.
- Fixed a crash that could happen when using `sync_tensorboard`.
- `Api().run(...).upload_file` no longer throws an error when uploading a file in a different path relative to the provided root directory.
- Calling `load()` function on a public API run object no longer throws `TypeError`.
- When a Sweeps run function called by `wandb.agent()` API throws an exception, it will now appear on the logs page for the run. (This previously only happened for runs called by the `wandb agent` CLI command.).

## v0.21.0
**July 01, 2025**

{{% alert color="info" %}}View the [v0.21.0 changelog](https://github.com/wandb/wandb/releases/tag/v0.21.0) on GitHub.{{% /alert %}}

## Notable Changes

This version removes the legacy implementation of the `service` process. This is a breaking change.

### Added

- Setting `x_stats_track_process_tree` to track process-specific metrics such as the RSS, CPU%, and thread count in use for the entire process tree, starting from `x_stats_pid`. This can be expensive and is disabled by default.
- Notes are now returned to the client when resuming a run.
- Added support for creating custom Vega chart presets through the API. Users can now define and upload custom chart specifications that can be then reused across runs with wandb.plot_table().

### Changed

- Calling `Artifact.link()` no longer instantiates a throwaway placeholder run.
- `wandb` now attempts to use Unix sockets for IPC instead of listening on localhost, making it work in environments with more restrictive permissions (such as Databricks).
- `Api.artifact()` will now display a warning while fetching artifacts from migrated model registry collections.
- The `.length` for objects queried from `wandb.Api` has been deprecated. Use `len(...)` instead.

### Removed

- Removed the legacy python implementation of the `service` process. The `legacy-service` option of `wandb.require` as well as the `x_require_legacy_service` and `x_disable_setproctitle` settings with the corresponding environment variables have been removed and will now raise an error if used.

- Removed the private `wandb.Run._metadata` attribute. To override the auto-detected CPU and GPU counts as well as the GPU type, please use the new settings `x_stats_{cpu_count,cpu_logical_count,gpu_count,gpu_type}`.

### Fixed

- Allow s3 style CoreWeave URIs for reference artifacts.
- Fixed rare bug that made Ctrl+C ineffective after logging large amounts of data.
- Respect `silent`, `quiet`, and `show_warnings` settings passed to a `Run` instance for warnings emitted by the service process.
- `api.Runs` no longer makes an API call for each run loaded from W&B.
- Correctly parse the `x_extra_http_headers` setting from the env variable.
- `.length` calls the W&B backend to load the length of objects when no data has been loaded rather than returning `None`.
