---
title: "0.8.x"
date: 2020-05-11
description: "May 17, 2019"
---

The latest patch is [**v0.8.36**](#v0836).

<!-- more -->

## v0.8.0
**May 17, 2019**

{{% alert color="info" %}}View the [v0.8.0 changelog](https://github.com/wandb/wandb/releases/tag/v0.8.0) on GitHub.{{% /alert %}}

#### Bug Fix

- Better error messages on access denied.
- Better error messages when optional packages aren't installed.
- Urls printed to the terminal are url-escaped.
- Namespaced tensorboard events work with histograms.
- Public API now retries on failures and re-uses connection pool.
- Catch git errors when remotes aren't pushed to origin.
- Moved keras graph collection to on_train_begin to handle unbuilt models.
- Handle more cases of not being able to save weights.
- Updates to summary after resuming are persisted.
- PyTorch histc logging fixed in 0.4.1.
- Fixed `wandb sync` tensorboard import.

#### Enhancement

- wandb.init(tensorboard=True) works with Tensorflow 2 and Eager Execution.
- wandb.init(tensorboard=True) now works with tb-nightly and PyTorch.
- Automatically log examples with tf.keras by adding missing validation_data.
- Socket only binds to localhost for improved security and prevents firewall warnings in OSX.
- Added user object to public api for getting the source user.
- Added run.display_name to the public api.
- Show display name in console output.
- Added --tags, --job_group, and --job_type to `wandb run`.
- Added environment variable for minimum time to run before considering crashed.
- Added flake8 tests to CI, thanks @cclauss!

## v0.8.1
**May 23, 2019**

{{% alert color="info" %}}View the [v0.8.1 changelog](https://github.com/wandb/wandb/releases/tag/v0.8.1) on GitHub.{{% /alert %}}

#### Bug Fix

- wandb sync handles tensorboard embeddings.
- wandb sync correctly handles images in tensorboard.
- tf.keras correctly handles single input functional models.
- wandb.Api().runs returns an iterator that's reusable.
- WANDB_DIR within a hidden directory doesn't prevent syncing.
- run.files() iterates over all files.
- pytorch recursion too deep error.

#### Enhancement

- wandb sync accepts an --ignore argument with globs to skip files.
- run.summary now has an items() method for iterating over all keys.

## v0.8.2
**June 20, 2019**

{{% alert color="info" %}}View the [v0.8.2 changelog](https://github.com/wandb/wandb/releases/tag/v0.8.2) on GitHub.{{% /alert %}}

#### Bug Fix

- entity is persisted on wandb.run when queried from the server.
- tmp files always use the temporary directory to avoid syncing.
- raise error if file shrinks while uploading.
- images log properly in windows.
- upgraded pyyaml requirement to address CVE.
- no longer store a history of rows to prevent memory leak.

#### Enhancement

- summary now supports new dataframe format.
- WANDB_SILENT environment variable writes all wandb messages to debug.log.
- Improved error messages for windows and tensorboard logging.
- output.log is uploaded at the end of each run.
- metadata, requirements, and patches are uploaded at the beginning of a run.
- when not running from a git repository, store the main python file.
- added WANDB_DISABLE_CODE to prevent diffing and code saving.
- when running in jupyter store the name of the notebook.
- auto-login support for colab.
- store url to colab notebook.
- store the version of this library in config.
- store sys.executable in metadata.
- fastai callback no longer requires path.
- wandb.init now accepts a notes argument.
- The cli replaced the message argument with notes and name.

## v0.8.3
**June 26, 2019**

{{% alert color="info" %}}View the [v0.8.3 changelog](https://github.com/wandb/wandb/releases/tag/v0.8.3) on GitHub.{{% /alert %}}

#### Bug Fix

- image logging works in Windows.
- wandb sync handles tfevents with a single timestep.
- fix incorrect command in overview page for running runs.
- handle histograms with > 512 bins when streaming tensorboard.
- better error message when calling wandb sync on a file instead of a directory.

#### Enhancement

- new helper function for handling hyperparameters in sweeps `wandb.config.user_items()`.
- better mocking for improved testing.

## v0.8.4
**July 08, 2019**

{{% alert color="info" %}}View the [v0.8.4 changelog](https://github.com/wandb/wandb/releases/tag/v0.8.4) on GitHub.{{% /alert %}}

#### Bug Fix

- WANDB_IGNORE_GLOBS is respected on the final scan of files.
- Unified run.id, run.name, and run.notes across all apis.
- Handle funky terminal sizes when setting up our pseudo tty.
- Fixed Jupyter notebook introspection logic.
- run.summary.update() persists changes to the server.
- tensorboard syncing is robust to invalid histograms and truncated files.

#### Enhancement

- preview release of magic, calling wandb.init(magic=True) should automatically track config and metrics when possible.
- cli now supports local installs of the backend.
- fastai callback supports logging example images.

## v0.8.5
**July 12, 2019**

{{% alert color="info" %}}View the [v0.8.5 changelog](https://github.com/wandb/wandb/releases/tag/v0.8.5) on GitHub.{{% /alert %}}

#### Bug Fix

- Fixed plotly charts with large numpy arrays not rendering.
- `wandb docker` works when nvidia is present.
- Better error when non string keys are sent to log.
- Relaxed pyyaml dependency to fix AMI installs.
- Magic works in jupyter notebooks.

#### Enhancement

- New preview release of auto-dataframes for Keras.
- Added input_type and output_type to the Keras callback for simpler config.
- public api supports retrieving specific keys and custom xaxis.

## v0.8.6
**July 31, 2019**

{{% alert color="info" %}}View the [v0.8.6 changelog](https://github.com/wandb/wandb/releases/tag/v0.8.6) on GitHub.{{% /alert %}}

#### Bug Fix

- fastai callback uses the default monitor instead of assuming val_loss.
- notebook introspections handles error cases and doesn't print stacktrace on failure.
- Don't print description warning when setting name.
- Fixed dataframe logging error with the keras callback.
- Fixed line offsets in logs when resuming runs.
- wandb.config casts non-builtins before writing to yaml.
- vendored backports.tempfile to address missing package on install.

#### Enhancement

- Added `api.sweep` to the python export api for querying sweeps.
- Added `WANDB_NOTEBOOK_NAME` for specifying the notebook name in cases we can't infer it.
- Added `WANDB_HOST` to override hostnames.
- Store if a run was run within jupyter.
- wandb now supports stopping runs from the web ui.
- Handle floats passed as step to `wandb.log`.
- wandb.config has full unicode support.
- sync the main file to wandb if code saving is enabled and it's untracked by git.
- XGBoost callback: wandb.xgboost.wandb_callback().

## v0.8.7
**August 07, 2019**

{{% alert color="info" %}}View the [v0.8.7 changelog](https://github.com/wandb/wandb/releases/tag/v0.8.7) on GitHub.{{% /alert %}}

#### Bug Fix

- keras callback no longer guesses input_type for 2D data.
- wandb.Image handles images with 1px height.

#### Enhancement

- wandb Public API now has `run.scan_history` to return all history rows.
- wandb.config prints helpful errors if used before calling init.
- wandb.summary prints helpful errors if used before calling init.
- filestream api points to new url on the backend.

## v0.8.8
**August 13, 2019**

{{% alert color="info" %}}View the [v0.8.8 changelog](https://github.com/wandb/wandb/releases/tag/v0.8.8) on GitHub.{{% /alert %}}

#### Bug Fix

- wandb.init properly handles network failures on startup.
- Keras callback only logs examples if data_type or input_type is set.
- Fix edge case PyTorch model logging bug.
- Handle patching tensorboard multiple times in jupyter.
- Sweep picks up config.yaml from the run directory.
- Dataframes handle integer labels.
- Handle invalid JSON when querying jupyter servers.

#### Enhancement

- fastai uses a fixed seed for example logging.
- increased the max number of images for fastai callback.
- new wandb.Video tag for logging video.
- sync=False argument to wandb.log moves logging to a thread.
- New local sweep controller for custom search logic.
- Anonymous login support for easier onboarding.
- Calling wandb.init multiple times in jupyter doesn't error out.

## v0.8.9
**August 19, 2019**

{{% alert color="info" %}}View the [v0.8.9 changelog](https://github.com/wandb/wandb/releases/tag/v0.8.9) on GitHub.{{% /alert %}}

#### Bug Fix

- run.summary updates work in jupyter before log is called.
- don't require numpy to be installed.
- Setting nested keys in summary works.
- notebooks in nested directories are properly saved.
- Don't retry 404's / better error messaging from the server.
- Strip leading slashes when loading paths in the public api.

#### Enhancement

- Small files are batch uploaded as gzipped tarballs.
- TensorBoardX gifs are logged to wandb.

## v0.8.10
**September 13, 2019**

{{% alert color="info" %}}View the [v0.8.10 changelog](https://github.com/wandb/wandb/releases/tag/v0.8.10) on GitHub.{{% /alert %}}

#### Bug Fix

- wandb magic handles the case of tf.keras and keras being loaded.
- tensorboard logging won't drop steps if multiple loggers have different global_steps.
- keras gradient logging works in the latest tf.keras.
- keras validation_data is properly set in tensorflow 2.
- wandb pull command creates directories if they don't exist, thanks @chmod644.
- file upload batching now asserts a minimum size.
- sweeps works in python2 again.
- scan_history now iterates the full set of points.
- jupyter will run local mode if credentials can't be obtained.

#### Enhancement

- Sweeps can now be run from within jupyter / directly from python! https://docs.wandb.com/sweeps/python.
- New openai gym integration will automatically log videos, enabled with the monitor_gym keyword argument to wandb.init.
- Ray Tune logging callback in wandb.ray.WandbLogger.
- New global config file in ~/.config/wandb for global settings.
- Added tests for fastai, thanks @borisdayma.
- Public api performance enhancements.
- Deprecated username in favor of entity in the public api for consistency.
- Anonymous login support enabled by default.
- New wandb.login method to be used in jupyter enabling anonymous logins.
- Better dependency error messages for data frames.
- Initial integration with spell.run.
- All images are now rendered as PNG to avoid JPEG artifacts.
- Public api now has a projects field.

## v0.8.11
**September 19, 2019**

{{% alert color="info" %}}View the [v0.8.11 changelog](https://github.com/wandb/wandb/releases/tag/v0.8.11) on GitHub.{{% /alert %}}

#### Bug Fix

- Fix public api returning incorrect data when config value is 0 or False.
- Resumed runs no longer overwrite run names with run id.

#### Enhancement

- Added recording of spell.run id in config.

## v0.8.12
**September 20, 2019**

{{% alert color="info" %}}View the [v0.8.12 changelog](https://github.com/wandb/wandb/releases/tag/v0.8.12) on GitHub.{{% /alert %}}

#### Bug Fix

- Fix compatibility issue with python 2.7 and old pip dependencies.

#### Enhancement

- Improved onboarding flow when creating new accounts and entering api_key.

## v0.8.13
**October 15, 2019**

{{% alert color="info" %}}View the [v0.8.13 changelog](https://github.com/wandb/wandb/releases/tag/v0.8.13) on GitHub.{{% /alert %}}

#### Bug Fix

- Create nested directory when videos are logged from tensorboard namespaces.
- Fix race when using wandb.log `async=True`.
- run.summary acts like a proper dictionary.
- run.summary sub dictionaries properly render.
- handle None when passing class_colors for segmentation masks.
- handle tensorflow2 not having a SessionHook.
- properly escape args in windows.
- fix hanging login when in anonymode.
- tf2 keras patch now handles missing callbacks args.

#### Enhancement

- Updates documentation autogenerated from docstrings in /docs.
- wandb.init(config=config_dict) does not update sweep specified parameters.
- wandb.config object now has a setdefaults method enabling improved sweep support.
- Improved terminal and jupyter message incorporating emojii!
- Allow wandb.watch to be called multiple times on different models.
- Improved support for watching multiple tfevent files.
- Windows no longer requires `wandb run` simply run `python script_name.py`.
- `wandb agent` now works on windows.
- Nice error message when wandb.log is called without a dict.
- Keras callback has a new `log_batch_frequency` for logging metrics every N batches.

## v0.8.14
**November 01, 2019**

{{% alert color="info" %}}View the [v0.8.14 changelog](https://github.com/wandb/wandb/releases/tag/v0.8.14) on GitHub.{{% /alert %}}

#### Bug Fix

- Improve large object warning when values reach maximum size.
- Warn when wandb.save isn't passed a string.
- Run stopping from the UI works since regressing in 0.8.12.
- Restoring a file that already exists locally works.
- Fixed TensorBoard incorrectly placing some keys in the wrong step since 0.8.10.
- wandb.Video only accepts uint8 instead of incorrectly converting to floats.
- SageMaker environment detection is now more robust.
- Resuming correctly populates config.
- wandb.restore respects root when run.dir is set #658.
- Calling wandb.watch multiple times properly namespaces histograms and graphs.

#### Enhancement

- Sweeps now work in Windows!
- Added sweep attribute to Run in the public api.
- Added sweep link to Jupyter and terminal output.
- TensorBoard logging now stores proper timestamps when importing historic results.
- TensorBoard logging now supports configuring rate_limits and filtering event types.
- Use simple output mirroring stdout doesn't have a file descriptor.
- Write wandb meta files to the system temp directory if the local directory isn't writable.
- Added beta api.reports to the public API.
- Added wandb.unwatch to remove hooks from pytorch models.
- Store the framework used in config.\_wandb.

## v0.8.15
**November 05, 2019**

{{% alert color="info" %}}View the [v0.8.15 changelog](https://github.com/wandb/wandb/releases/tag/v0.8.15) on GitHub.{{% /alert %}}

#### Bug Fix

- Fix calling wandb.init with sync_tensorboard multiple times in Jupyter.
- Fix RuntimeError race when using threads and calling wandb.log.
- Don't initialize Sentry when error reporting is disabled.

#### Enhancement

- Added best_run() to wandb.sweep() public Api objects.
- Remove internal tracking keys from wandb.config objects in the public Api.

## v0.8.16
**November 21, 2019**

{{% alert color="info" %}}View the [v0.8.16 changelog](https://github.com/wandb/wandb/releases/tag/v0.8.16) on GitHub.{{% /alert %}}

#### Bug Fix

- Fix regression syncing some versions of Tensorboard since 0.8.13.
- Fix network error in Jupyter.

## v0.8.17
**December 02, 2019**

{{% alert color="info" %}}View the [v0.8.17 changelog](https://github.com/wandb/wandb/releases/tag/v0.8.17) on GitHub.{{% /alert %}}

#### Enhancement

- Handle tags being passed in as a string.

#### Bug Fix

- Pin graphql-core < 3.0.0 to fix install errors.
- TQDM progress bars update logs properly.
- Oversized summary or history logs are now dropped which prevents retry hanging.

## v0.8.18
**December 04, 2019**

{{% alert color="info" %}}View the [v0.8.18 changelog](https://github.com/wandb/wandb/releases/tag/v0.8.18) on GitHub.{{% /alert %}}

#### Enhancement

- Added min_step and max_step to run.scan_history for grabbing sub-sections of metrics.
- wandb.init(reinit=True) now automatically calls wandb.join() to better support multiple runs per process.

#### Bug Fix

- wandb.init(sync_tensorboard=True) works again for TensorFlow 2.0.

## v0.8.19
**December 18, 2019**

{{% alert color="info" %}}View the [v0.8.19 changelog](https://github.com/wandb/wandb/releases/tag/v0.8.19) on GitHub.{{% /alert %}}

#### Enhancement

- Added beta support for ray/tune hyperopt search strategy.
- Added ability to specify max runs per agent.
- Improve experience starting a sweep without a project already created.

#### Bug Fix

- Fix repeated wandb.Api().Run(id).scan_history() calls get updated data.
- Fix early_terminate/hyperband in notebook/python environments.

## v0.8.20
**January 10, 2020**

{{% alert color="info" %}}View the [v0.8.20 changelog](https://github.com/wandb/wandb/releases/tag/v0.8.20) on GitHub.{{% /alert %}}

#### Enhancement

- Added support for LightGBM.
- Added local board support (Experimental).
- Added ability to modify sweep configuration.
- Added GPU power logging to system metrics.

#### Bug Fix

- Prevent sweep agent from failing continuously when misconfigured.

## v0.8.21
**January 15, 2020**

{{% alert color="info" %}}View the [v0.8.21 changelog](https://github.com/wandb/wandb/releases/tag/v0.8.21) on GitHub.{{% /alert %}}

#### Enhancement

- Ignore wandb.init() specified project and entity when running a sweep.

#### Bug Fix

- Fix agent "flapping" detection.
- Fix local controller not starting when sweep is pending.

## v0.8.22
**January 24, 2020**

{{% alert color="info" %}}View the [v0.8.22 changelog](https://github.com/wandb/wandb/releases/tag/v0.8.22) on GitHub.{{% /alert %}}

#### Enhancement

- Added ability to configure agent commandline from sweep config.

#### Bug Fix

- Fix fast.ai prediction logging.
- Fix logging of eager tensorflow tensors.
- Fix jupyter issues with logging notebook name and wandb.watch().

## v0.8.23
**February 03, 2020**

{{% alert color="info" %}}View the [v0.8.23 changelog](https://github.com/wandb/wandb/releases/tag/v0.8.23) on GitHub.{{% /alert %}}

#### Enhancement

- Added scikit-learn support.
- Added ability to specify/exclude specific keys when building wandb.config.

#### Bug Fix

- Fix wandb.watch() on sparse tensors.
- Fix incompatibilty with ray 0.8.1.
- Fix missing pyyaml requirement.
- Fix "W&B process failed to launch" problems.
- Improved ability to log large model graphs and plots.

## v0.8.24
**February 03, 2020**

{{% alert color="info" %}}View the [v0.8.24 changelog](https://github.com/wandb/wandb/releases/tag/v0.8.24) on GitHub.{{% /alert %}}

#### Bug Fix

- Relax version dependency for PyYAML for users with old environments.

## v0.8.25
**February 04, 2020**

{{% alert color="info" %}}View the [v0.8.25 changelog](https://github.com/wandb/wandb/releases/tag/v0.8.25) on GitHub.{{% /alert %}}

#### Bug Fix

- Fix exception when using wandb.watch() in a notebook.
- Improve support for sparse tensor gradient logging on GPUs.

## v0.8.26
**February 10, 2020**

{{% alert color="info" %}}View the [v0.8.26 changelog](https://github.com/wandb/wandb/releases/tag/v0.8.26) on GitHub.{{% /alert %}}

#### Enhancement

- Add best metric and epoch to run summary with Keras callback.
- Added wandb.run.config_static for environments required pickled config.

#### Bug Fix

- Fixed regression causing failures with wandb.watch() and DataParallel.
- Improved compatibility with python 3.8.
- Fix model logging under windows.

## v0.8.27
**February 11, 2020**

{{% alert color="info" %}}View the [v0.8.27 changelog](https://github.com/wandb/wandb/releases/tag/v0.8.27) on GitHub.{{% /alert %}}

#### Bug Fix

- Fix dependency conflict with new versions of six package.

## v0.8.28
**February 21, 2020**

{{% alert color="info" %}}View the [v0.8.28 changelog](https://github.com/wandb/wandb/releases/tag/v0.8.28) on GitHub.{{% /alert %}}

#### Enhancement

- Added code saving of main python module.
- Added ability to specify metadata for bounding boxes and segmentation masks.

#### Bug Fix

- Fix situations where uncommitted data from wandb.log() is not persisted.

## v0.8.29
**March 05, 2020**

{{% alert color="info" %}}View the [v0.8.29 changelog](https://github.com/wandb/wandb/releases/tag/v0.8.29) on GitHub.{{% /alert %}}

#### Enhancement

- Improve bounding box annotations.
- Log active GPU system metrics.
- Only writing wandb/settings file if wandb init is called.
- Improvements to wandb local command.

#### Bug Fix

- Fix GPU logging on some devices without power metrics.
- Fix sweep config command handling.
- Fix tensorflow string logging.

## v0.8.30
**March 19, 2020**

{{% alert color="info" %}}View the [v0.8.30 changelog](https://github.com/wandb/wandb/releases/tag/v0.8.30) on GitHub.{{% /alert %}}

#### Enhancement

- Add ROC, precision_recall, HeatMap, explainText, POS, and NER to wandb.plots.
- Add wandb.Molecule() logging.
- Capture kaggle runs for metrics.
- Add ability to watch from run object.

#### Bug Fix

- Avoid accidently picking up global debugging logs.

## v0.8.31
**March 19, 2020**

{{% alert color="info" %}}View the [v0.8.31 changelog](https://github.com/wandb/wandb/releases/tag/v0.8.31) on GitHub.{{% /alert %}}

#### Enhancement

- Close all open files to avoice ResourceWarnings, thanks @CrafterKolyan!

#### Bug Fix

- Parse "tensor" protobufs, fixing issues with tensorboard syncing in 2.1.

## v0.8.32
**April 14, 2020**

{{% alert color="info" %}}View the [v0.8.32 changelog](https://github.com/wandb/wandb/releases/tag/v0.8.32) on GitHub.{{% /alert %}}

#### Enhancement

- Improve semantic segmentation image mask logging.

## v0.8.33
**April 24, 2020**

{{% alert color="info" %}}View the [v0.8.33 changelog](https://github.com/wandb/wandb/releases/tag/v0.8.33) on GitHub.{{% /alert %}}

#### Enhancement

- Add default class labels for semantic segmentation.
- Enhance bounding box API to be similar to semantic segmentation API.

#### Bug Fix

- Increase media table rows to improve ROC/PR curve logging.
- Fix issue where pre binned histograms were not being handled properly.
- Handle nan values in pytorch histograms.
- Fix handling of binary image masks.

## v0.8.34
**April 28, 2020**

{{% alert color="info" %}}View the [v0.8.34 changelog](https://github.com/wandb/wandb/releases/tag/v0.8.34) on GitHub.{{% /alert %}}

#### Enhancement

- Save session history in jupyter notebooks.
- Kaggle internet enable notification.
- Extend wandb.plots.feature_importances to work with more model types, thanks @neomatrix369!

#### Bug Fix

- Code saving for jupyter notebooks restored.
- Fixed thread errors in jupyter.
- Ensure final history rows aren't dropped in jupyter.

## v0.8.35
**May 01, 2020**

{{% alert color="info" %}}View the [v0.8.35 changelog](https://github.com/wandb/wandb/releases/tag/v0.8.35) on GitHub.{{% /alert %}}

#### Bug Fix

- Ensure cells don't hang on completion.
- Fixed jupyter integration in PyCharm shells.
- Made session history saving handle None metadata in outputs.

## v0.8.36
**May 11, 2020**

{{% alert color="info" %}}View the [v0.8.36 changelog](https://github.com/wandb/wandb/releases/tag/v0.8.36) on GitHub.{{% /alert %}}

#### Bug Fix

- Catch all exceptions when saving Jupyter sessions.
- validation_data automatically set in TF >= 2.2.
- _implements_\* hooks now implemented in keras callback for TF >= 2.2.

#### Enhancement

- Raw source code saving now disabled by default.
- We now support global settings on boot to enable code saving on the server.
- New `code_save=True` argument to wandb.init to enable code saving manually.
