
---
title: "Release 0.31.0"
date: 2023-04-05
slug: "0.31.0"
draft: false
---

## 🪄 Features

******************New Triggers panel for registered models******************

Automatically re-train or re-evaluate models with Triggers. 

1. [Register](https://docs.wandb.ai/guides/models) a model
2. [Create a job](https://docs.wandb.ai/guides/launch/getting-started#create-a-job) like a training or evaluation job
3. [In your registry](http://wandb.ai/registry/model) create a trigger to automatically kick off jobs

********************************Bounding box score controls in tables********************************

To pinpoint performance gaps more quickly, user can now filter bounding boxes interactively from a table. For example, only show bounding boxes for one specific class, or filter to only show low-confidence bounding boxes.  

**********************New sharing experience**********************

Easily share your results on the social platform of your choice, with dynamic previews automatically created as a view of your experiments. Attract collaborators, gain social traction and feedback, and seamlessly collaborate with your ML teammates.

******************************************Improved text previews and rendering options in tables******************************************

For all your LLM and prompt-engineering needs, we’ve upgraded how we show long text in tables.  Now you’ll see a longer preview on hover, can expand a cell to choose between raw text and markdown rendering, and can easily apply a diff view to highlight how your prompts are evolving.

## 🔨 Fixes

- Improved loading time of workspaces with a large number of metrics.  Cases in which more than 10,000 metrics were logged could become unresponsive for 30+ seconds on initial load or upon changing filters; this loading time has now been reduced to approximately 500 ms.
- The option to create Triggers now appears even if the Launch feature flag has not been turned on.   Creating a Trigger turns on the Launch feature flag, allowing access to [single-node Launch queues](https://docs.wandb.ai/guides/launch).
- Improved navigation for controls around registered models.
- Nested panels in cells can now be expanded to fullscreen.
- Improved
- Panels matching a search term will now remain open as the workspace is being filtered.
- Fixed sizing and alignment issues in navigation, breadcrumbs, and Model Registry.
- Fixed bug impacting sharing panels from default workspace views
- Fixed issue where some artifact diffs were not scrollable when compared side by side.
- Fixed rare issue around reports crashing when editing and collapsing bulleted lists.
- Clarified the error message when users push a run to a queue without an alias.
- Launch resource configs now override defaults as expected.
- The jobs details page now shows the job’s full version path.
- Fixed broken image in Deployer flow.
- Sweeps with no metric name will now throw an error before being run
- Fixed a bug where changing a user’s team-level role would also change their organization-level role.
