---
title: "0.68.0"
date: 2025-04-29
description: "April 29, 2025"
---

## Features
- Release notes for W&B Server are now published [in the W&B documentation]({{< relref "/releases/" >}}) in addition to on GitHub. [Subscribe using RSS]({{< relref "/release-notes/releases/index.xml" >}}).
- Registry admins can define and assign [*protected aliases*]({{< relref "/guides/core/registry/model_registry/access_controls.md#add-protected-aliases" >}}) to represent key stages of your development pipeline. A protected alias can be assigned only by a registry admin. W&B blocks other users from adding or removing protected aliases from versions in a registry using the API or UI.
- Improved Fork and Rewind Performance. 

    [Forking]({{< relref "/guides/runs/forking.md" >}}) a run creates a new run that uses the same configuration as an existing run. Changes to the forked run do not the parent run, and vice versa. A pointer is maintained between the forked run and the parent. [Rewinding]({{< relref "/guides/runs/rewind.md" >}}) a run lets you log new data from that point in time without losing the existing data.

    In projects with many nested forks, forking new runs is now much more efficient due to improvements in caching.
- You can now filter console logs based on a run's `x_label` value. During [distributed training]({{ relref "/guides/track/log/distributed-training.md#track-all-processes-to-a-single-run" >}}), this optional parameter tracks the node that logged the run.
- You can now move runs between `Groups`, one by one or in bulk. Also, you can now create new `Groups` after the initial logging time.
- Line plots now support **synchronized zooming** mode, where zooming to a given range on one plot automatically zooms into the same range on all other line plots with a common x-axis. Turn this on in the [workspace display settings for line plots]({{< relref "/guides/app/features/panels/line-plot/#all-line-plots-in-a-workspace" >}}).
- Line plots now support formatting custom metrics as timestamps. This is useful when synchronizing or uploading runs from a different system.
- You can now slide through media panels using non-`_step` fields such as `epoch` or `train/global_step` (or anything else).
- In Tables and plots in Query Panels that use `runs` or `runs.history` expressions, a step slider allows you to step through the progress on your metrics, text, or media through the course of your runs. The slider supports stepping through  non-`_step` metrics.
- You can now customize bar chart labels using a font size control.

### Private preview
Private preview features are available by invitation only. To request enrollment in a private preview, contact [support]({{< relref "mailto:support@wandb.com" >}}) or your AISE.

- **Personal workspace templates** allow you to save your workspace setup so it is automatically applied to your new projects. Initially, you can configure certain line plot settings such as the default X axis metric, smoothing algorithm, and smoothing factor.
- **Improved Exponentially-weighted Moving Average (EMA) smoothing** provides more reliable smoothed lines when operating on complete, unbinned data. In most cases, smoothing is handled at the back end for improved performance.

### Weave
- Chat with fine-tuned models from within your W&B instance. [Playground]({{< relref "https://weave-docs.wandb.ai/guides/tools/playground/" >}}) is now supported in Dedicated Cloud. Playground is a chat interface for comparing different LLMs on historical traces. Admins can add API keys to different model providers or hook up [custom hosted LLM providers]({{< relref "https://weave-docs.wandb.ai/guides/tools/playground/#add-a-custom-provider" >}}) so your team can interact with them from within Weave.
- Open Telemetry Support. Now you can log traces via OpenTelemetry (OTel). Learn more: https://weave-docs.wandb.ai/guides/tools/otel/?utm_source=beamer&utm_medium=sidebar&utm_campaign=OpenTelemetry-support-in-Weave&utm_content=ctalink
- Weave [tracing]({{< relref "https://weave-docs.wandb.ai/guides/tracking/" >}}) has new framework integrations: CrewAI, OpenAI’s Agent SDK, DSPy 2.x and Google's genai Python SDK.
- Playground supports new [OpenAI models]({{< relref "https://weave-docs.wandb.ai/guides/tools/playground/#openai" >}}): GPT‑4.1, GPT‑4.1 mini, and GPT‑4.1 nano.
- Build labeled datasets directly from traces, with your annotations automatically converted into dataset columns. Learn more: https://weave-docs.wandb.ai/guides/core-types/datasets#create-edit-and-delete-a-dataset-in-the-ui

## Security

- Registry admins can now designate a service account in a registry as either a Registry Admin or a Member. Previously, the service account’s role was always Registry Admin.

## Performance

- Improved the performance of many workspace interactions, particularly in large workspaces. For example, expanding sections and using the run selector are significantly more responsive.

## Fixes

- Fixed a bug that could prevent an organization service account from being added to new teams.
- Fixed a bug that could cause hover marks to be missing for grouped lines.
- Fixed a bug that could include invalid project names in the **Import** dropdown of a Report panel.
- Fixed a display bug in the alignment of filters in the run selector.
- Fixed a page crash when adding a timestamp **Within Last** filter
- Fixed a bug that could prevent the X-axis from being set to **Wall Time** in global line plot settings.
- Fixed a bug that could prevent image captions from appearing when they are logged to a Table.
- In **Run Overview** pages, the **Description** field is now named **Notes**.